[Music]
thus says the Lord for three
transgressions of Moab and for four I
will not turn away its punishment
because he burned the bones of the king
of Edom to life but I will send a fire
upon Moab and it shall devour the
palaces of Kiryas Moab shall die with
tumult with shouting and trumpet sound
and I will cut off the judge from its
midst and slay all its princes with him
says the Lord thus says the Lord for
three transgressions of Judah and for
four I will not turn away it's
punishment because they have despised
the law of the Lord and have not kept
his Commandments there lies lead them
astray lies which their fathers followed
but I will send a fire upon Judah and it
shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem
thus says the Lord for three
transgressions of Israel and for four I
will not turn away its punishment
because they sell the righteous for
silver and the poor for a pair of
sandals they pant after the dust of the
earth which is on the head of the poor
and pervert the way of the humble a man
and his father go into the same girl to
defile my holy name they lie down by
every altar on clothes taken in pledge
and drink the wine of the condemned in
the house of their God yet it was I who
destroyed the amorite before them whose
height was like the height of the Cedars
and he was as strong as the Oaks yet I
destroyed his fruit above and his roots
beneath also it was I
from the land of Egypt and led you 40
years through the wilderness to possess
the land of the amorite I raised up some
of your sons as prophets and some of
your young men as Nazareth
is it not so all you children of Israel
says the Lord but you gave the Nazarites
wine to drink and commanded the Prophet
saying do not prophesy behold I am
weighed down by me as a cart full of
sheaves is weighed down there for flight
shall perish from the Swift the strong
shall not strengthen his power nor shall
the mighty deliver himself he shall not
stand who handles the bow the Swift of
foot shall not escape nor shall he who
rides a horse deliver himself the most
courageous men of might shall flee naked
in that day
[Music]